bug fix (#36017)
demisto/content: Packs/ProofpointThreatResponse/ReleaseNotes/2_0_18.md

#### Integrations

##### Proofpoint Threat Response Event Collector

> - Fixed an issue where **fetch-events** failed when no state was chosen in the integration configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-events*** command failed when the *Fetch incident with specific states* parameter was not configured.
```
